RUMM 2326 Add expo plugin for mapping files (#233)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: packages/expo/README.md

# expo-datadog

## Overview

This package contains the Datadog Expo config plugin and exports the Datadog React Native SDK as `expo-datadog`.

For more information about using the Expo SDK, see the [Expo and Expo Go documentation][2]. For more information about tracking Expo crash reports, see the [Expo Crash Reporting and Error Tracking documentation][1].

## Contributing

If you find an issue with this package and have a fix, first consult the [Contributing Guidelines][3].

> To try a development build plugin on an app, run these commands from the root of `dd-sdk-react-native`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To try a development build plugin on an app, run these commands from the root of `dd-sdk-reactnative`:
```
